LICENSE.txt
MANIFEST.in
README.md
deployment.txt
setup.py
version.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/LICENSE.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/README.md
dist/programy-4.1.2/deployment.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/setup.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/version.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/activate.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/binaries.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/bot.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/brain.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/brainfactory.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/braintree.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/context.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy.egg-info/requires.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy.egg-info/top_level.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/admin/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/admin/tool.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/args.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/botfactory.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/response.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basic.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/configfile.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/datafile.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/basicbot.yaml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/logging.yaml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/_template.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/duplicates.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/errors.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/tests.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/client.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/hotreload.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/javascript.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/properties.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/rdf.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/scheduler.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/services.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/transcript.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/comparisons.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/defaults.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/exit.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/initial.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/interjection.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/udc.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/unknown.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/xfind.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/familair/familiar.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/familair/he.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/familair/she.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/SAY.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/are_you.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/can_i.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/can_you.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/did.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/do_you.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/does.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/have_you.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/how.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/i.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/i_want.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/if.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/in.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/is.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/it.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/it_is.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/my.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/should_i.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/that.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/that_is.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/the.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/there.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/they.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/we.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/what.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/what_is.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/when.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/where.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/which.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/who.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/why.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/will.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/you.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/profile/bot_profile.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/profile/client_profile.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/ai.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/animals.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/astrology.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/badanswer.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/biography.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/bot.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/celebrity.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/chatsbots.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/client.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/clothing.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/colors.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/computers.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/datetime.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/drugs.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/emotion.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/facts.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/family.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/fooddrink.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/funnies.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/games.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/gender.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/geograpy.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/goodbye.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/hello.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/help.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/history.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/horoscopes.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/howmany.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/imagine.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/imponderables.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/insults.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/jokes.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/knowledge.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/language.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/literature.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/money.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/movies.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/music.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/numbers.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/online.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/people.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/plants.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/politics.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/psychology.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/quizfacts.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/religion.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/school.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/science.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/sex.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/sports.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/stories.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/thanks.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/transport.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/tvfilm.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/words.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/scifi/colossus.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/scifi/deepthought.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/scifi/hal9000.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/scifi/hitchhikers.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/scifi/holly.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/scifi/scifi.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/one_word.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/one_word_star.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/star_word.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/star_words.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/star_words_star.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/three_words.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/three_words_star.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/two_words.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/two_words_star.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/words_star.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/learn/learn.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/learn/whenisay.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/personality/fife.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/personality/keithsterling.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/personality/kinghorn.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/personality/scotland.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/personality/servusai.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/profanity/filter.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/profanity/inappropriate.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/profanity/insults.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/profanity/profanity.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/bad_answer.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/call_me.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/color.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/comparisons.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/datetime.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/define.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/directions.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/doing.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/fear.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/find.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/friends.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/good.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/goodbye.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/hello.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/help.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/holidays.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/interjection.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/joke.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/lol.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/look_like.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/misspellings.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/no.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/numbers.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/ok.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/opposite.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/phone_number.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/play.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/please.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/reductions.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/right.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/shorthand.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/show_me.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/star.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/thanks.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/topic.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/translate.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/weather.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/yes.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/actions/actions.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/actions/be_quiet.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/actions/sing.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/admin/feature_request.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/admin/report_problem.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/admin/transcript.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/alarm.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/battery.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/calendar.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/call.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/device.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/dial.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/email.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/find.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/general.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/launch.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/lists.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/map.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/phonebook.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/picture.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/search.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/send.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/sms.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/wifi.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/profile/bot_profile.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/profile/client_profile.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/address.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/age.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/appearance.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/bot_profile.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/botmaster.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/diet.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/education.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/email.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/emotions.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/ethnicity.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/family.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/favourites.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/gender.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/hero.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/hobby.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/horoscope.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/iq.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/job.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/language.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/location.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/name.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/nationality.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/personality.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/pets.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/pic.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/plans.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/purpose.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/religion.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/skills.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/sleep.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/species.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/town.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/version.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/vocabulary.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/questions.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/are/are_you.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/can/can.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/can/can_i.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/can/can_you.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/do/do.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/do/do_you.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/do/do_you_have.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/do/do_you_know.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/do/do_you_like.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/do/do_you_think.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/do/do_you_want.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/have/have.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/have/have_you.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how_are.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how_do.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how_is.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how_old.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how_quantity.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how_to.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how_was.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/is/is.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_are.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_can.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_comes.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_did.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_do.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_does.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_have.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_is.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_is_the_purpose.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/when/when.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/when/when_can.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/when/when_is.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/where/where.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/where/where_am.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/where/where_are.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/where/where_can.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/where/where_do.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/where/where_is.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/which/which.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/who/who.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/who/who_am.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/who/who_are.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/who/who_do.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/who/who_is.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_are.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_can.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_did.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_do.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_does.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_is.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_not.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_should.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/will/will.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/social/facebook.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/social/twitter.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/statements.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/I_was.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_am.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_did.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_do.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_have.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_know.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_learned.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_like.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_live.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_love.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_meant.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_miss.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_need.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_said.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_think.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_understand.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_want.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_will.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_would.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/that/that.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/that/that_is.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/we/we.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/you/you.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/you/you_are.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/you/you_can.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/you/you_do.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/you/you_must.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/you/you_should.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/words/acronym.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/words/anagram.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/words/rhymes.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/words/spell.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/words/syllables.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/words/words.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/security/authentication.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/sentiment/sentiment.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/aimlstandardlibrary.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/dialog.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/enabled.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/inquiry.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/lists.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/pand_system.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/repeat.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/roman.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/system.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/utilities.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/temporal/datetime_convo.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/temporal/datetime_core.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/banking/balance.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/energy/bills.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/energy/directdebits.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/energy/reads.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/energy/spend.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/energy/usage.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/geocode/geocode.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/maps/maps.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/newsapi/newsapi.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/scheduler/scheduler.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/survey/ybot-survey.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/telecoms/minutes.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/weather/weather.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/games/blackjack.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/langauges/cantonese/hello.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/learnf/Console.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/mobile/email.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/mobile/rsvp.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/mobile/schedule.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/oob/oob.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/rdf/rdf.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/rdf/rdf_core.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/rdf/rdf_test.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/services/duckduckgo.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/services/pandora.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/services/pannous.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/services/services.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/services/wikipedia.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/testing/learnf_tests.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/testing/richmedia/richmedia.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/testing/scheduler/scheduling.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/lookups/denormal.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/lookups/gender.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/lookups/normal.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/lookups/person.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/lookups/person2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/animallegs.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/animalsounds.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/be2been.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/be2being.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/be2is.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/be2was.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/been2be.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/being2be.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/er2est.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/est2er.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/familiarpredicate.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/familiarpronoun.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/gendermap.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/gendername.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/is2be.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/name2number.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/nation2capital.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/next.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/number2ordinal.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/opposite.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/ordinal2number.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/phonetic.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/predicates.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/profile2predicate.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/rhyme.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/sign2date.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/state2capital.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/state2largestcity.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/tomorrow.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/was2be.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/nodes/pattern_nodes.conf
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/nodes/template_nodes.conf
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/oob/callmom 2.conf
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/oob/callmom.conf
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/openchatbots/openchatbot1.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/openchatbots/openchatbot2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/openchatbots/openchatbot3.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/processing/postprocessors-translate.conf
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/processing/postprocessors-webchat.conf
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/processing/postprocessors.conf
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/processing/postquestionprocessors.conf
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/processing/preprocessors-translate.conf
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/processing/preprocessors.conf
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/processing/test_postprocessors.conf
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/properties/defaults.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/properties/properties.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/activity.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/animal.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/astronomy 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/astronomy.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/attribute.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/biology.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/bodypart 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/bodypart.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/building.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/business.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/chemistry.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/clothing.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/colour.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/company.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/compass.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/computer.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/concept.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/continent 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/continent.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/country.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/document 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/document.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/drink.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/drug 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/drug.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/dwelling.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/eucity.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/event 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/event.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/family.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/famous.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/fiction 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/fiction.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/flower.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/food.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/fruit 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/fruit.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/game 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/game.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/geographic.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/geology 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/geology.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/greek.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/legal.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/math.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/measurement.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/medical.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/metal 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/metal.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/military 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/military.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/money.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/month 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/month.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/mountain.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/music.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/nationality 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/nationality.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/news 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/news.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/nut 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/nut.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/object.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/organisation.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/person.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/philosophy 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/philosophy.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/physics 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/physics.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/position 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/position.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/religion.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/river 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/river.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/role.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/season 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/season.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/sound 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/sound.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/sport 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/sport.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/starsign.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/state 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/state.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/task 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/task.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/temporal.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/thing.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/tool 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/tool.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/toy.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/transport.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/tree.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/tv 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/tv.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/ukcity.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/ukcounty.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/uscity.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/usstate.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/weather.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/worldcity.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/test/testdata.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/regex/regex-templates.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/security/usergroups.yaml
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/abc.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/animal.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/animals.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/article.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/be.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/been.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/being.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/bird.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/color.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/digit.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/entity.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/erdown.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/erup.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/estdown.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/estup.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/evildoers.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/familiarname.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/famous 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/famous.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/fastfood.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/foo.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/food.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/gender.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/interest.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/is.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/language.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/letter.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/modal.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/month.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/nation.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/numbername.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/ordinal.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/place.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/preposition.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/profile.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/pronoun.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/quantifier.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/sizes.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/spatialprep.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/sphere.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/starsign.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/state.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/state2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/temperatures.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/was.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/weekday.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/wet.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/wh.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/spelling/corpus.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/triggers/triggers 2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/embed/basicbot/triggers/triggers.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/events/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/events/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/events/console/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/events/console/autoanswer.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/events/console/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/events/console/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/events/discord/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/events/discord/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/events/discord/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/events/tcpsocket/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/events/tcpsocket/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/events/tcpsocket/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/ping/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/ping/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/ping/responder.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/polling/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/polling/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/polling/slack/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/polling/slack/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/polling/slack/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/polling/telegram/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/polling/telegram/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/polling/telegram/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/polling/twitter/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/polling/twitter/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/polling/twitter/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/polling/xmpp/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/polling/xmpp/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/polling/xmpp/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/polling/xmpp/xmpp.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/render/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/render/html.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/render/json.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/render/passthrough.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/render/renderer.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/render/text.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/apihandlers.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/apikeys.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/auth.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/asyncio/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/asyncio/microsoft/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/asyncio/microsoft/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/alexa/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/alexa/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/alexa/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/alexa/intents.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/facebook/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/facebook/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/facebook/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/facebook/renderer.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/google/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/google/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/google/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/kik/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/kik/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/kik/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/line/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/line/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/line/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/twilio/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/twilio/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/twilio/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/viber/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/viber/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/viber/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/webchat/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/webchat/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/webchat/static/style.css
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/webchat/static/webchat.html
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/flask/webchat/static/y-bot.js
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/sanic/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/sanic/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/clients/restful/sanic/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/base.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/container.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/programy.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/section.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/writer.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/bot/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/bot/bot.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/bot/conversations.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/bot/joiner.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/bot/sentiment.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/bot/spelling.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/bot/splitter.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/bot/translation.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/brain/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/brain/binaries.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/brain/brain.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/brain/braintree.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/brain/debugfiles.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/brain/defaults.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/brain/dynamic.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/brain/openchatbot.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/brain/openchatbots.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/brain/overrides.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/brain/securities.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/brain/security.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/brain/service.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/brain/services.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/brain/tokenizer.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/file/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/file/factory.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/file/file.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/file/json_file.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/file/xml_file.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/config/file/yaml_file.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dialog/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dialog/conversation.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dialog/convo_mgr.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dialog/question.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dialog/sentence.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dialog/joiner/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dialog/joiner/joiner.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dialog/splitter/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dialog/splitter/nltk.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dialog/splitter/regex.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dialog/splitter/spacy.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dialog/splitter/splitter.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dialog/tokenizer/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dialog/tokenizer/cjk.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dialog/tokenizer/tokenizer.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/dynamics.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/maps/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/maps/lemmatize.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/maps/map.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/maps/plural.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/maps/predecessor.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/maps/roman.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/maps/singular.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/maps/stemmer.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/maps/successor.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/sets/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/sets/numeric.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/sets/roman.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/sets/set.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/sets/stopword.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/sets/synsets.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/variables/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/variables/datetime.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/variables/variable.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/variables/system/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/variables/system/spelling.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/dynamic/variables/system/splitter.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/base.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/admin/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/admin/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/admin/hotreload.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/admin/properties.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/admin/rdf.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/admin/scheduler.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/admin/transcript.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/banking/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/banking/balance.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/energy/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/energy/usage.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/geocode/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/geocode/geocode.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/maps/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/maps/maps.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/newsapi/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/newsapi/newsapi.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/scheduler/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/scheduler/scheduler.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/survey/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/survey/survey.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/telecoms/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/telecoms/minutes.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/weather/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/extensions/weather/weather.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/mappings/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/mappings/base.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/mappings/denormal.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/mappings/gender.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/mappings/maps.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/mappings/normal.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/mappings/person.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/mappings/properties.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/mappings/sets.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/lemmatize.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/ngrams.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/pos.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/stemming.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/stopwords.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/sentiment/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/sentiment/base.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/sentiment/extension.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/sentiment/scores.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/sentiment/textblob_sentiment.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/synsets/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/synsets/extension.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/synsets/synsets.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/translate/README.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/translate/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/translate/base.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/translate/extension.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/translate/textblob_translator.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/wordnet/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/wordnet/extension.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/nlp/wordnet/wordnet.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/default.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/handler.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/callmom/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/callmom/alarm.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/callmom/camera.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/callmom/clear.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/callmom/dial.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/callmom/dialog.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/callmom/email.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/callmom/map.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/callmom/oob.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/callmom/schedule.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/callmom/search.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/callmom/sms.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/callmom/url.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/oob/callmom/wifi.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/aiml_parser.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/exceptions.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/factory.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/equalsmatch.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/factory.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/graph.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/match.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/matchcontext.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/pattern_nodes.conf
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/nodes/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/nodes/base.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/nodes/bot.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/nodes/iset.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/nodes/oneormore.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/nodes/priority.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/nodes/regex.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/nodes/root.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/nodes/set.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/nodes/template.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/nodes/that.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/nodes/topic.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/nodes/wildcard.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/nodes/word.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/pattern/nodes/zeroormore.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/factory.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/graph.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/template_nodes.conf
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/addtriple.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/attrib.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/authorise.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/base.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/bot.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/condition.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/date.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/deletetriple.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/denormalise.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/eval.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/explode.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/extension.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/first.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/formal.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/gender.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/get.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/id.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/implode.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/indexed.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/input.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/interval.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/learn.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/learnf.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/log.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/lowercase.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/map.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/normalise.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/oob.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/person.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/person2.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/program.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/rand.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/request.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/resetlearn.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/resetlearnf.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/response.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/rest.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/search.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/select.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/sentence.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/set.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/size.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/sr.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/srai.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/sraix.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/star.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/system.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/that.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/thatstar.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/think.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/topicstar.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/triple.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/uniq.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/uppercase.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/vocabulary.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/word.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/xml.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/button.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/card.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/carousel.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/delay.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/image.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/link.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/list.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/location.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/olist.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/reply.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/split.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/video.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/processing.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/post/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/post/consoleformat.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/post/denormalize.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/post/emojize.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/post/formatnumbers.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/post/formatpunctuation.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/post/mergechinese.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/post/multispaces.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/post/removehtml.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/post/translate.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/postquestion/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/postquestion/lemmatize.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/postquestion/ngrams.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/postquestion/stemming.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/postquestion/stopwords.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/pre/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/pre/demojize.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/pre/lemmatize.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/pre/normalize.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/pre/removepunctuation.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/pre/splitchinese.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/pre/stemming.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/pre/stopwords.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/pre/toupper.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/pre/translate.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/processors/pre/wordtagger.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/rdf/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/rdf/collection.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/scheduling/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/scheduling/config 2.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/scheduling/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/scheduling/scheduler.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/security/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/security/manager.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/security/authenticate/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/security/authenticate/authenticator.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/security/authenticate/clientidauth.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/security/authenticate/passthrough.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/security/authorise/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/security/authorise/authorisor.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/security/authorise/passthrough.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/security/authorise/usergroups.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/security/authorise/usergroupsauthorisor.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/security/linking/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/security/linking/accountlinker.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/security/linking/extension.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/duckduckgo.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/pandora.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/pannous.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/programy.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/requestsapi.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/rest.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/service.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/wikipediaservice.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/openchatbot/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/openchatbot/collection.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/openchatbot/domain.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/openchatbot/openchatbot.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/openchatbot/parser.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/openchatbot/response.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/services/openchatbot/service.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/spelling/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/spelling/autocorrection.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/spelling/base.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/spelling/extension.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/spelling/norvig.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/spelling/textblob_spelling.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/engine.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/factory.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/binaries.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/braintree.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/category.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/conversation.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/defaults.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/duplicates.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/errors.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/learnf.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/license.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/link.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/linked.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/lookups.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/maps.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/nodes.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/oobs.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/processors.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/property.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/rdf.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/services.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/sets.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/spelling.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/store.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/triggers.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/twitter.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/user.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/entities/usergroups.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/utils.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/engine.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/binaries.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/braintree.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/categories.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/conversations.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/duplicates.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/errors.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/filestore.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/learnf.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/licensekeys.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/lookups.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/maps.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/nodes.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/oobs.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/processors.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/properties.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/rdfs.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/sets.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/spelling.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/triggers.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/twitter.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/file/store/usergroups.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/logger/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/logger/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/logger/engine.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/logger/store/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/logger/store/conversations.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/logger/store/loggerstore.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/engine.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/loader.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/category.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/conversation.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/corpus.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/duplicate.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/error.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/license.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/link.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/linked.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/lookup.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/map.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/node.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/oob.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/processor.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/property.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/rdf.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/set.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/trigger.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/twitter.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/user.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/usergroups.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/categories.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/conversations.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/duplicates.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/errors.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/learnf.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/licensekeys.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/linkedaccounts.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/links.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/lookups.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/maps.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/mongostore.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/nodes.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/oobs.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/processors.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/properties.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/rdfs.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/sets.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/spelling.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/triggers.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/twitter.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/usergroups.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/users.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/redis/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/redis/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/redis/engine.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/redis/store/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/redis/store/conversations.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/nosql/redis/store/redisstore.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/base.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/engine.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/loader.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/category.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/conversation.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/corpus.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/duplicate.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/error.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/license.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/link.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/linked.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/lookup.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/map.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/node.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/oob.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/processor.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/property.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/rdf.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/set.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/trigger.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/twitter.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/user.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/usergroup.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/categories.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/conversations.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/duplicates.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/errors.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/learnf.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/licensekeys.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/linkedaccounts.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/links.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/lookups.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/maps.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/nodes.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/oobs.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/processors.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/properties.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/rdfs.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/sets.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/spelling.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/sqlstore.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/triggers.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/twitter.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/usergroups.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/stores/sql/store/users.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/utils/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/storage/utils/processors.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/triggers/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/triggers/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/triggers/excepter.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/triggers/local.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/triggers/manager.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/triggers/null.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/triggers/receiver.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/triggers/rest.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/triggers/system.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/triggers/trigger.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/classes/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/classes/loader.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/console/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/console/console.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/email/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/email/config.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/email/sender.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/files/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/files/filefinder.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/files/filewriter.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/geo/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/geo/geonames.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/geo/google.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/geo/latlong.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/language/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/language/chinese.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/language/default.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/license/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/license/keys.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/logging/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/logging/ylogger.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/newsapi/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/newsapi/newsapi.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/parsing/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/parsing/linenumxml.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/substitutions/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/substitutions/substitues.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/text/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/text/dateformat.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/text/text.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/weather/__init__.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/programy/utils/weather/metoffice.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/aiml_generator/README.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/aiml_generator/generator.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/aiml_generator/output/test.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/botflow/README.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/botflow/aiml/aimlstandardlibrary.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/botflow/aiml/botflowlibrary.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/botflow/src/botflow.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/braintree_viewer/README.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/braintree_viewer/viewer.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/corpus_creator/README.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/corpus_creator/corpus_creator.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/csv_tools/README.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/csv_tools/aiml_to_csv.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/csv_tools/csv_to_aiml.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/csv_tools/test.aiml
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/healthcheck/client.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/healthcheck/static/healthcheck.html
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/healthcheck/static/healthcheck.js
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/pandorabots/converter.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/pandorabots/yfiles/Settings.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/pandorabots/yfiles/converters.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/pandorabots/yfiles/defaults.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/pandorabots/yfiles/denormals.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/pandorabots/yfiles/gender.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/pandorabots/yfiles/person2.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/pandorabots/yfiles/splitters.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/pattern_lister/README.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/pattern_lister/pattern_lister.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/pip/pipver.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/rdf_lister/README.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/rdf_lister/rdf_lister.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/rdf_tools/README.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/rdf_tools/rdf_formatter.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/test_creator/README.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/test_creator/test_creator.py
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/test_runner/README.txt
dist/programy-4.1.2/utils/test_runner/test_runner.py
programy/__init__.py
programy/activate.py
programy/binaries.py
programy/bot.py
programy/brain.py
programy/brainfactory.py
programy/braintree.py
programy/context.py
programy.egg-info/PKG-INFO
programy.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
programy.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
programy.egg-info/requires.txt
programy.egg-info/top_level.txt
programy/admin/__init__.py
programy/admin/tool.py
programy/clients/__init__.py
programy/clients/args.py
programy/clients/botfactory.py
programy/clients/client.py
programy/clients/config.py
programy/clients/response.py
programy/clients/embed/__init__.py
programy/clients/embed/basic.py
programy/clients/embed/configfile.py
programy/clients/embed/datafile.py
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/basicbot.yaml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/logging.yaml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/_template.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/duplicates.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/errors.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/tests.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/client.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/hotreload.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/javascript.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/properties.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/rdf.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/scheduler.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/services.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/admin/transcript.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/comparisons.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/defaults.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/exit.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/initial.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/interjection.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/udc.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/unknown.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/xfind.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/familair/familiar.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/familair/he.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/familair/she.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/SAY.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/are_you.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/can_i.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/can_you.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/did.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/do_you.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/does.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/have_you.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/how.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/i.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/i_want.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/if.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/in.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/is.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/it.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/it_is.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/my.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/should_i.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/that.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/that_is.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/the.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/there.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/they.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/we.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/what.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/what_is.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/when.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/where.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/which.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/who.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/why.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/will.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/phrases/you.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/profile/bot_profile.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/profile/client_profile.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/ai.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/animals.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/astrology.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/badanswer.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/biography.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/bot.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/celebrity.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/chatsbots.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/client.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/clothing.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/colors.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/computers.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/datetime.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/drugs.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/emotion.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/facts.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/family.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/fooddrink.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/funnies.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/games.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/gender.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/geograpy.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/goodbye.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/hello.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/help.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/history.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/horoscopes.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/howmany.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/imagine.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/imponderables.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/insults.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/jokes.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/knowledge.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/language.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/literature.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/money.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/movies.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/music.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/numbers.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/online.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/people.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/plants.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/politics.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/psychology.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/quizfacts.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/religion.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/school.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/science.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/sex.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/sports.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/stories.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/thanks.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/transport.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/tvfilm.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/words.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/scifi/colossus.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/scifi/deepthought.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/scifi/hal9000.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/scifi/hitchhikers.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/scifi/holly.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/topics/scifi/scifi.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/one_word.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/one_word_star.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/star_word.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/star_words.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/star_words_star.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/three_words.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/three_words_star.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/two_words.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/two_words_star.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/defaults/word_patterns/words_star.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/learn/learn.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/learn/whenisay.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/personality/fife.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/personality/keithsterling.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/personality/kinghorn.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/personality/scotland.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/personality/servusai.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/profanity/filter.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/profanity/inappropriate.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/profanity/insults.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/profanity/profanity.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/bad_answer.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/call_me.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/color.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/comparisons.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/datetime.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/define.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/directions.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/doing.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/fear.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/find.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/friends.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/good.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/goodbye.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/hello.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/help.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/holidays.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/interjection.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/joke.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/lol.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/look_like.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/misspellings.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/no.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/numbers.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/ok.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/opposite.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/phone_number.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/play.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/please.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/reductions.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/right.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/shorthand.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/show_me.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/star.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/thanks.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/topic.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/translate.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/weather.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/yes.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/actions/actions.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/actions/be_quiet.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/actions/sing.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/admin/feature_request.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/admin/report_problem.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/admin/transcript.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/alarm.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/battery.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/calendar.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/call.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/device.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/dial.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/email.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/find.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/general.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/launch.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/lists.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/map.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/phonebook.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/picture.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/search.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/send.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/sms.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/mobile/wifi.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/profile/bot_profile.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/profile/client_profile.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/address.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/age.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/appearance.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/bot_profile.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/botmaster.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/diet.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/education.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/email.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/emotions.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/ethnicity.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/family.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/favourites.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/gender.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/hero.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/hobby.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/horoscope.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/iq.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/job.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/language.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/location.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/name.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/nationality.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/personality.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/pets.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/pic.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/plans.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/purpose.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/religion.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/skills.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/sleep.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/species.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/town.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/version.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/properties/vocabulary.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/questions.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/are/are_you.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/can/can.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/can/can_i.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/can/can_you.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/do/do.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/do/do_you.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/do/do_you_have.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/do/do_you_know.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/do/do_you_like.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/do/do_you_think.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/do/do_you_want.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/have/have.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/have/have_you.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how_are.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how_do.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how_is.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how_old.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how_quantity.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how_to.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/how/how_was.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/is/is.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_are.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_can.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_comes.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_did.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_do.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_does.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_have.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_is.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/what/what_is_the_purpose.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/when/when.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/when/when_can.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/when/when_is.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/where/where.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/where/where_am.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/where/where_are.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/where/where_can.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/where/where_do.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/where/where_is.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/which/which.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/who/who.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/who/who_am.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/who/who_are.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/who/who_do.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/who/who_is.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_are.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_can.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_did.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_do.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_does.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_is.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_not.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/why/why_should.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/questions/will/will.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/social/facebook.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/social/twitter.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/statements.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/I_was.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_am.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_did.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_do.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_have.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_know.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_learned.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_like.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_live.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_love.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_meant.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_miss.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_need.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_said.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_think.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_understand.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_want.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_will.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/i/i_would.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/that/that.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/that/that_is.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/we/we.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/you/you.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/you/you_are.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/you/you_can.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/you/you_do.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/you/you_must.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/statements/you/you_should.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/words/acronym.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/words/anagram.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/words/rhymes.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/words/spell.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/words/syllables.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/reductions/words/words.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/security/authentication.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/sentiment/sentiment.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/aimlstandardlibrary.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/dialog.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/enabled.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/inquiry.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/lists.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/pand_system.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/repeat.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/roman.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/system.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/system/utilities.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/temporal/datetime_convo.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/core/temporal/datetime_core.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/banking/balance.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/energy/bills.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/energy/directdebits.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/energy/reads.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/energy/spend.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/energy/usage.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/geocode/geocode.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/maps/maps.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/newsapi/newsapi.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/scheduler/scheduler.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/survey/ybot-survey.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/telecoms/minutes.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/extensions/weather/weather.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/games/blackjack.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/langauges/cantonese/hello.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/learnf/Console.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/mobile/email.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/mobile/rsvp.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/mobile/schedule.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/oob/oob.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/rdf/rdf.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/rdf/rdf_core.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/rdf/rdf_test.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/services/duckduckgo.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/services/pandora.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/services/pannous.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/services/services.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/services/wikipedia.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/testing/learnf_tests.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/testing/richmedia/richmedia.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/categories/testing/scheduler/scheduling.aiml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/lookups/denormal.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/lookups/gender.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/lookups/normal.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/lookups/person.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/lookups/person2.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/animallegs.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/animalsounds.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/be2been.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/be2being.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/be2is.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/be2was.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/been2be.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/being2be.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/er2est.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/est2er.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/familiarpredicate.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/familiarpronoun.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/gendermap.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/gendername.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/is2be.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/name2number.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/nation2capital.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/next.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/number2ordinal.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/opposite.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/ordinal2number.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/phonetic.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/predicates.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/profile2predicate.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/rhyme.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/sign2date.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/state2capital.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/state2largestcity.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/tomorrow.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/maps/was2be.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/nodes/pattern_nodes.conf
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/nodes/template_nodes.conf
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/oob/callmom 2.conf
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/oob/callmom.conf
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/openchatbots/openchatbot1.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/openchatbots/openchatbot2.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/openchatbots/openchatbot3.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/processing/postprocessors-translate.conf
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/processing/postprocessors-webchat.conf
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/processing/postprocessors.conf
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/processing/postquestionprocessors.conf
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/processing/preprocessors-translate.conf
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/processing/preprocessors.conf
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/processing/test_postprocessors.conf
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/properties/defaults.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/properties/properties.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/activity.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/animal.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/astronomy.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/attribute.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/biology.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/bodypart.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/building.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/business.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/chemistry.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/clothing.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/colour.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/company.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/compass.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/computer.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/concept.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/continent.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/country.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/document.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/drink.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/drug.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/dwelling.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/eucity.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/event.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/family.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/famous.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/fiction.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/flower.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/food.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/fruit.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/game.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/geographic.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/geology.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/greek.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/legal.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/math.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/measurement.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/medical.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/metal.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/military.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/money.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/month.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/mountain.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/music.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/nationality.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/news.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/nut.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/object.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/organisation.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/person.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/philosophy.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/physics.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/position.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/religion.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/river.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/role.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/season.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/sound.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/sport.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/starsign.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/state.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/task.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/temporal.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/thing.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/tool.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/toy.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/transport.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/tree.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/tv.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/ukcity.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/ukcounty.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/uscity.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/usstate.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/weather.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/worldcity.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/rdfs/test/testdata.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/regex/regex-templates.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/security/usergroups.yaml
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/abc.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/animal.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/animals.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/article.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/be.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/been.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/being.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/bird.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/color.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/digit.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/entity.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/erdown.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/erup.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/estdown.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/estup.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/evildoers.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/familiarname.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/famous.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/fastfood.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/foo.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/food.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/gender.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/interest.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/is.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/language.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/letter.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/modal.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/month.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/nation.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/numbername.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/ordinal.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/place.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/preposition.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/profile.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/pronoun.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/quantifier.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/sizes.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/spatialprep.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/sphere.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/starsign.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/state.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/state2.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/temperatures.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/was.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/weekday.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/wet.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/sets/wh.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/spelling/corpus.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/triggers/triggers 2.txt
programy/clients/embed/basicbot/triggers/triggers.txt
programy/clients/events/__init__.py
programy/clients/events/client.py
programy/clients/events/console/__init__.py
programy/clients/events/console/autoanswer.py
programy/clients/events/console/client.py
programy/clients/events/console/config.py
programy/clients/events/discord/__init__.py
programy/clients/events/discord/client.py
programy/clients/events/discord/config.py
programy/clients/events/tcpsocket/__init__.py
programy/clients/events/tcpsocket/client.py
programy/clients/events/tcpsocket/config.py
programy/clients/ping/__init__.py
programy/clients/ping/config.py
programy/clients/ping/responder.py
programy/clients/polling/__init__.py
programy/clients/polling/client.py
programy/clients/polling/slack/__init__.py
programy/clients/polling/slack/client.py
programy/clients/polling/slack/config.py
programy/clients/polling/telegram/__init__.py
programy/clients/polling/telegram/client.py
programy/clients/polling/telegram/config.py
programy/clients/polling/twitter/__init__.py
programy/clients/polling/twitter/client.py
programy/clients/polling/twitter/config.py
programy/clients/polling/xmpp/__init__.py
programy/clients/polling/xmpp/client.py
programy/clients/polling/xmpp/config.py
programy/clients/polling/xmpp/xmpp.py
programy/clients/render/__init__.py
programy/clients/render/html.py
programy/clients/render/json.py
programy/clients/render/passthrough.py
programy/clients/render/renderer.py
programy/clients/render/text.py
programy/clients/restful/__init__.py
programy/clients/restful/apihandlers.py
programy/clients/restful/apikeys.py
programy/clients/restful/auth.py
programy/clients/restful/client.py
programy/clients/restful/config.py
programy/clients/restful/asyncio/__init__.py
programy/clients/restful/asyncio/microsoft/client.py
programy/clients/restful/asyncio/microsoft/config.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/__init__.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/client.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/alexa/__init__.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/alexa/client.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/alexa/config.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/alexa/intents.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/facebook/__init__.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/facebook/client.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/facebook/config.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/facebook/renderer.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/google/__init__.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/google/client.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/google/config.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/kik/__init__.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/kik/client.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/kik/config.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/line/__init__.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/line/client.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/line/config.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/twilio/__init__.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/twilio/client.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/twilio/config.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/viber/__init__.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/viber/client.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/viber/config.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/webchat/client.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/webchat/config.py
programy/clients/restful/flask/webchat/static/style.css
programy/clients/restful/flask/webchat/static/webchat.html
programy/clients/restful/flask/webchat/static/y-bot.js
programy/clients/restful/sanic/__init__.py
programy/clients/restful/sanic/client.py
programy/clients/restful/sanic/config.py
programy/config/__init__.py
programy/config/base.py
programy/config/container.py
programy/config/programy.py
programy/config/section.py
programy/config/writer.py
programy/config/bot/__init__.py
programy/config/bot/bot.py
programy/config/bot/conversations.py
programy/config/bot/joiner.py
programy/config/bot/sentiment.py
programy/config/bot/spelling.py
programy/config/bot/splitter.py
programy/config/bot/translation.py
programy/config/brain/__init__.py
programy/config/brain/binaries.py
programy/config/brain/brain.py
programy/config/brain/braintree.py
programy/config/brain/debugfiles.py
programy/config/brain/defaults.py
programy/config/brain/dynamic.py
programy/config/brain/openchatbot.py
programy/config/brain/openchatbots.py
programy/config/brain/overrides.py
programy/config/brain/securities.py
programy/config/brain/security.py
programy/config/brain/service.py
programy/config/brain/services.py
programy/config/brain/tokenizer.py
programy/config/file/__init__.py
programy/config/file/factory.py
programy/config/file/file.py
programy/config/file/json_file.py
programy/config/file/xml_file.py
programy/config/file/yaml_file.py
programy/dialog/__init__.py
programy/dialog/conversation.py
programy/dialog/convo_mgr.py
programy/dialog/question.py
programy/dialog/sentence.py
programy/dialog/joiner/__init__.py
programy/dialog/joiner/joiner.py
programy/dialog/splitter/__init__.py
programy/dialog/splitter/nltk.py
programy/dialog/splitter/regex.py
programy/dialog/splitter/spacy.py
programy/dialog/splitter/splitter.py
programy/dialog/tokenizer/__init__.py
programy/dialog/tokenizer/cjk.py
programy/dialog/tokenizer/tokenizer.py
programy/dynamic/__init__.py
programy/dynamic/dynamics.py
programy/dynamic/maps/__init__.py
programy/dynamic/maps/lemmatize.py
programy/dynamic/maps/map.py
programy/dynamic/maps/plural.py
programy/dynamic/maps/predecessor.py
programy/dynamic/maps/roman.py
programy/dynamic/maps/singular.py
programy/dynamic/maps/stemmer.py
programy/dynamic/maps/successor.py
programy/dynamic/sets/__init__.py
programy/dynamic/sets/numeric.py
programy/dynamic/sets/roman.py
programy/dynamic/sets/set.py
programy/dynamic/sets/stopword.py
programy/dynamic/sets/synsets.py
programy/dynamic/variables/__init__.py
programy/dynamic/variables/datetime.py
programy/dynamic/variables/variable.py
programy/dynamic/variables/system/__init__.py
programy/dynamic/variables/system/spelling.py
programy/dynamic/variables/system/splitter.py
programy/extensions/__init__.py
programy/extensions/base.py
programy/extensions/admin/__init__.py
programy/extensions/admin/client.py
programy/extensions/admin/hotreload.py
programy/extensions/admin/properties.py
programy/extensions/admin/rdf.py
programy/extensions/admin/scheduler.py
programy/extensions/admin/transcript.py
programy/extensions/banking/__init__.py
programy/extensions/banking/balance.py
programy/extensions/energy/__init__.py
programy/extensions/energy/usage.py
programy/extensions/geocode/__init__.py
programy/extensions/geocode/geocode.py
programy/extensions/maps/__init__.py
programy/extensions/maps/maps.py
programy/extensions/newsapi/__init__.py
programy/extensions/newsapi/newsapi.py
programy/extensions/scheduler/__init__.py
programy/extensions/scheduler/scheduler.py
programy/extensions/survey/__init__.py
programy/extensions/survey/survey.py
programy/extensions/telecoms/__init__.py
programy/extensions/telecoms/minutes.py
programy/extensions/weather/__init__.py
programy/extensions/weather/weather.py
programy/mappings/__init__.py
programy/mappings/base.py
programy/mappings/denormal.py
programy/mappings/gender.py
programy/mappings/maps.py
programy/mappings/normal.py
programy/mappings/person.py
programy/mappings/properties.py
programy/mappings/sets.py
programy/nlp/__init__.py
programy/nlp/lemmatize.py
programy/nlp/ngrams.py
programy/nlp/pos.py
programy/nlp/stemming.py
programy/nlp/stopwords.py
programy/nlp/sentiment/__init__.py
programy/nlp/sentiment/base.py
programy/nlp/sentiment/extension.py
programy/nlp/sentiment/scores.py
programy/nlp/sentiment/textblob_sentiment.py
programy/nlp/synsets/__init__.py
programy/nlp/synsets/extension.py
programy/nlp/synsets/synsets.py
programy/nlp/translate/README.txt
programy/nlp/translate/__init__.py
programy/nlp/translate/base.py
programy/nlp/translate/extension.py
programy/nlp/translate/textblob_translator.py
programy/nlp/wordnet/__init__.py
programy/nlp/wordnet/extension.py
programy/nlp/wordnet/wordnet.py
programy/oob/__init__.py
programy/oob/default.py
programy/oob/handler.py
programy/oob/callmom/__init__.py
programy/oob/callmom/alarm.py
programy/oob/callmom/camera.py
programy/oob/callmom/clear.py
programy/oob/callmom/dial.py
programy/oob/callmom/dialog.py
programy/oob/callmom/email.py
programy/oob/callmom/map.py
programy/oob/callmom/oob.py
programy/oob/callmom/schedule.py
programy/oob/callmom/search.py
programy/oob/callmom/sms.py
programy/oob/callmom/url.py
programy/oob/callmom/wifi.py
programy/parser/__init__.py
programy/parser/aiml_parser.py
programy/parser/exceptions.py
programy/parser/factory.py
programy/parser/pattern/__init__.py
programy/parser/pattern/equalsmatch.py
programy/parser/pattern/factory.py
programy/parser/pattern/graph.py
programy/parser/pattern/match.py
programy/parser/pattern/matchcontext.py
programy/parser/pattern/pattern_nodes.conf
programy/parser/pattern/nodes/__init__.py
programy/parser/pattern/nodes/base.py
programy/parser/pattern/nodes/bot.py
programy/parser/pattern/nodes/iset.py
programy/parser/pattern/nodes/oneormore.py
programy/parser/pattern/nodes/priority.py
programy/parser/pattern/nodes/regex.py
programy/parser/pattern/nodes/root.py
programy/parser/pattern/nodes/set.py
programy/parser/pattern/nodes/template.py
programy/parser/pattern/nodes/that.py
programy/parser/pattern/nodes/topic.py
programy/parser/pattern/nodes/wildcard.py
programy/parser/pattern/nodes/word.py
programy/parser/pattern/nodes/zeroormore.py
programy/parser/template/__init__.py
programy/parser/template/factory.py
programy/parser/template/graph.py
programy/parser/template/template_nodes.conf
programy/parser/template/nodes/__init__.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/addtriple.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/attrib.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/authorise.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/base.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/bot.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/condition.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/date.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/deletetriple.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/denormalise.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/eval.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/explode.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/extension.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/first.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/formal.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/gender.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/get.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/id.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/implode.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/indexed.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/input.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/interval.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/learn.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/learnf.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/log.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/lowercase.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/map.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/normalise.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/oob.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/person.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/person2.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/program.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/rand.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/request.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/resetlearn.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/resetlearnf.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/response.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/rest.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/search.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/select.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/sentence.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/set.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/size.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/sr.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/srai.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/sraix.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/star.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/system.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/that.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/thatstar.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/think.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/topicstar.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/triple.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/uniq.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/uppercase.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/vocabulary.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/word.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/xml.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/__init__.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/button.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/card.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/carousel.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/delay.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/image.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/link.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/list.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/location.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/olist.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/reply.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/split.py
programy/parser/template/nodes/richmedia/video.py
programy/processors/__init__.py
programy/processors/processing.py
programy/processors/post/__init__.py
programy/processors/post/consoleformat.py
programy/processors/post/denormalize.py
programy/processors/post/emojize.py
programy/processors/post/formatnumbers.py
programy/processors/post/formatpunctuation.py
programy/processors/post/mergechinese.py
programy/processors/post/multispaces.py
programy/processors/post/removehtml.py
programy/processors/post/translate.py
programy/processors/postquestion/__init__.py
programy/processors/postquestion/lemmatize.py
programy/processors/postquestion/ngrams.py
programy/processors/postquestion/stemming.py
programy/processors/postquestion/stopwords.py
programy/processors/pre/__init__.py
programy/processors/pre/demojize.py
programy/processors/pre/lemmatize.py
programy/processors/pre/normalize.py
programy/processors/pre/removepunctuation.py
programy/processors/pre/splitchinese.py
programy/processors/pre/stemming.py
programy/processors/pre/stopwords.py
programy/processors/pre/toupper.py
programy/processors/pre/translate.py
programy/processors/pre/wordtagger.py
programy/rdf/__init__.py
programy/rdf/collection.py
programy/scheduling/__init__.py
programy/scheduling/config.py
programy/scheduling/scheduler.py
programy/security/__init__.py
programy/security/manager.py
programy/security/authenticate/__init__.py
programy/security/authenticate/authenticator.py
programy/security/authenticate/clientidauth.py
programy/security/authenticate/passthrough.py
programy/security/authorise/__init__.py
programy/security/authorise/authorisor.py
programy/security/authorise/passthrough.py
programy/security/authorise/usergroups.py
programy/security/authorise/usergroupsauthorisor.py
programy/security/linking/__init__.py
programy/security/linking/accountlinker.py
programy/security/linking/extension.py
programy/services/__init__.py
programy/services/duckduckgo.py
programy/services/pandora.py
programy/services/pannous.py
programy/services/programy.py
programy/services/requestsapi.py
programy/services/rest.py
programy/services/service.py
programy/services/wikipediaservice.py
programy/services/openchatbot/__init__.py
programy/services/openchatbot/collection.py
programy/services/openchatbot/domain.py
programy/services/openchatbot/openchatbot.py
programy/services/openchatbot/parser.py
programy/services/openchatbot/response.py
programy/services/openchatbot/service.py
programy/spelling/__init__.py
programy/spelling/autocorrection.py
programy/spelling/base.py
programy/spelling/extension.py
programy/spelling/norvig.py
programy/spelling/textblob_spelling.py
programy/storage/__init__.py
programy/storage/config.py
programy/storage/engine.py
programy/storage/factory.py
programy/storage/entities/__init__.py
programy/storage/entities/binaries.py
programy/storage/entities/braintree.py
programy/storage/entities/category.py
programy/storage/entities/conversation.py
programy/storage/entities/defaults.py
programy/storage/entities/duplicates.py
programy/storage/entities/errors.py
programy/storage/entities/learnf.py
programy/storage/entities/license.py
programy/storage/entities/link.py
programy/storage/entities/linked.py
programy/storage/entities/lookups.py
programy/storage/entities/maps.py
programy/storage/entities/nodes.py
programy/storage/entities/oobs.py
programy/storage/entities/processors.py
programy/storage/entities/property.py
programy/storage/entities/rdf.py
programy/storage/entities/services.py
programy/storage/entities/sets.py
programy/storage/entities/spelling.py
programy/storage/entities/store.py
programy/storage/entities/triggers.py
programy/storage/entities/twitter.py
programy/storage/entities/user.py
programy/storage/entities/usergroups.py
programy/storage/stores/__init__.py
programy/storage/stores/utils.py
programy/storage/stores/file/__init__.py
programy/storage/stores/file/config.py
programy/storage/stores/file/engine.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/__init__.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/binaries.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/braintree.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/categories.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/config.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/conversations.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/duplicates.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/errors.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/filestore.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/learnf.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/licensekeys.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/lookups.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/maps.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/nodes.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/oobs.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/processors.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/properties.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/rdfs.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/sets.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/spelling.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/triggers.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/twitter.py
programy/storage/stores/file/store/usergroups.py
programy/storage/stores/logger/__init__.py
programy/storage/stores/logger/config.py
programy/storage/stores/logger/engine.py
programy/storage/stores/logger/store/__init__.py
programy/storage/stores/logger/store/conversations.py
programy/storage/stores/logger/store/loggerstore.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/__init__.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/__init__.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/config.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/engine.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/loader.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/__init__.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/category.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/conversation.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/corpus.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/duplicate.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/error.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/license.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/link.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/linked.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/lookup.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/map.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/node.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/oob.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/processor.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/property.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/rdf.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/set.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/trigger.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/twitter.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/user.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/dao/usergroups.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/__init__.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/categories.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/conversations.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/duplicates.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/errors.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/learnf.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/licensekeys.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/linkedaccounts.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/links.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/lookups.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/maps.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/mongostore.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/nodes.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/oobs.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/processors.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/properties.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/rdfs.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/sets.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/spelling.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/triggers.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/twitter.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/usergroups.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/mongo/store/users.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/redis/__init__.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/redis/config.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/redis/engine.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/redis/store/__init__.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/redis/store/conversations.py
programy/storage/stores/nosql/redis/store/redisstore.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/__init__.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/base.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/config.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/engine.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/loader.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/__init__.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/category.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/conversation.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/corpus.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/duplicate.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/error.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/license.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/link.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/linked.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/lookup.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/map.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/node.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/oob.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/processor.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/property.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/rdf.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/set.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/trigger.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/twitter.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/user.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/dao/usergroup.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/__init__.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/categories.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/conversations.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/duplicates.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/errors.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/learnf.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/licensekeys.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/linkedaccounts.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/links.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/lookups.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/maps.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/nodes.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/oobs.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/processors.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/properties.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/rdfs.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/sets.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/spelling.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/sqlstore.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/triggers.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/twitter.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/usergroups.py
programy/storage/stores/sql/store/users.py
programy/storage/utils/__init__.py
programy/storage/utils/processors.py
programy/triggers/__init__.py
programy/triggers/config.py
programy/triggers/excepter.py
programy/triggers/local.py
programy/triggers/manager.py
programy/triggers/null.py
programy/triggers/receiver.py
programy/triggers/rest.py
programy/triggers/system.py
programy/triggers/trigger.py
programy/utils/__init__.py
programy/utils/classes/__init__.py
programy/utils/classes/loader.py
programy/utils/console/__init__.py
programy/utils/console/console.py
programy/utils/email/__init__.py
programy/utils/email/config.py
programy/utils/email/sender.py
programy/utils/files/__init__.py
programy/utils/files/filefinder.py
programy/utils/files/filewriter.py
programy/utils/geo/__init__.py
programy/utils/geo/geonames.py
programy/utils/geo/google.py
programy/utils/geo/latlong.py
programy/utils/language/__init__.py
programy/utils/language/chinese.py
programy/utils/language/default.py
programy/utils/license/__init__.py
programy/utils/license/keys.py
programy/utils/logging/__init__.py
programy/utils/logging/ylogger.py
programy/utils/newsapi/__init__.py
programy/utils/newsapi/newsapi.py
programy/utils/parsing/__init__.py
programy/utils/parsing/linenumxml.py
programy/utils/substitutions/__init__.py
programy/utils/substitutions/substitues.py
programy/utils/text/__init__.py
programy/utils/text/dateformat.py
programy/utils/text/text.py
programy/utils/weather/__init__.py
programy/utils/weather/metoffice.py
utils/aiml_generator/README.txt
utils/aiml_generator/generator.py
utils/aiml_generator/output/test.aiml
utils/botflow/README.txt
utils/botflow/aiml/aimlstandardlibrary.aiml
utils/botflow/aiml/botflowlibrary.aiml
utils/botflow/src/botflow.py
utils/braintree_viewer/README.txt
utils/braintree_viewer/viewer.py
utils/corpus_creator/README.txt
utils/corpus_creator/corpus_creator.py
utils/csv_tools/README.txt
utils/csv_tools/aiml_to_csv.py
utils/csv_tools/csv_to_aiml.py
utils/csv_tools/test.aiml
utils/healthcheck/client.py
utils/healthcheck/static/healthcheck.html
utils/healthcheck/static/healthcheck.js
utils/pandorabots/converter.py
utils/pandorabots/yfiles/Settings.txt
utils/pandorabots/yfiles/converters.txt
utils/pandorabots/yfiles/defaults.txt
utils/pandorabots/yfiles/denormals.txt
utils/pandorabots/yfiles/gender.txt
utils/pandorabots/yfiles/person2.txt
utils/pandorabots/yfiles/splitters.txt
utils/pattern_lister/README.txt
utils/pattern_lister/pattern_lister.py
utils/pip/pipver.py
utils/rdf_lister/README.txt
utils/rdf_lister/rdf_lister.py
utils/rdf_tools/README.txt
utils/rdf_tools/rdf_formatter.py
utils/test_creator/README.txt
utils/test_creator/test_creator.py
utils/test_runner/README.txt
utils/test_runner/test_runner.py